very good guys how are you today
flow street and we are in a new video
a new one that you make with subscribers
here in playstation 4 vegeta 5 online
barry tie by the face and we are some
how many guys are we ahead of
I would have the war under the description
I was already seeing myself put it
from time to time you have already done me for
the comments so good guys for
there you are going to have it then if you want
play it and such and nothing we go forward
guys this looks very good
I think it's a standard career but
I should have put it without contact
which is how it came because I've seen
well it's called the race is excess of
precision or something like that and it does not look like
be for nothing easy so nothing guys
well I've been out a couple of days
already left the black ops 3 trailer that
you have had sent a video that I did not upload
last night in mega ultra hyper hype
age or if you want to see it then it is
put on the channel and I'll leave it because
under the description also so nothing
we are playing with a lot of
subscribers we are also playing with
a friend of mine called sickle and hammer
that if you want to add it well
travel through it so you can see it sickle and
hammer if you want to add it to the play
and bring trolling a little bit you can
do it because he's a friend of mine and I want to
that the other laws in plan so cool
It's worth it so guys there you have it for
whoever wants any
nothing you can not say anything because if not
it exists whole no longer has grace so
nothing guys we continue with the little race
that the truth because at the moment it does not have
a lot of complication and at the moment I do not have
I many people in plan that I am
dizzy good if the wall can be
naming people has shocked me just like
happens sometimes so guys for now
everything is too soft too well
too much van in the night was in air
with it like perfect and worth worth voucher
that increase I did not have any kind of
problem I hope there is nothing plan
complicated, it's worth it, I just saw it
I expect necklaces or the first time
because if we have not screwed but well
shit and out on every boy worth having
many people ask here if I have the
beta and such he met but not yet
it has not left damn idea of when
is going to come out so no idea or idea is worth
let's continue to go ahead here
behind we have vale we have there already
we have the first car that is a
white environment also separates the
sections we tighten my position introduces
kid a modem and where sent it flips
colleague man man has been without
hammer voucher voucher looping plus looping
go Go
It was not very complicated because it was a plan
guided and such but good but good and
that you spend hero was not like either very
easy had to be spent I think he
it has not happened it has not happened
has happened is to say perfect vale let's go
let's go first we have this
pim pam, what's up, what's more
any other so guys
I've been lost as you know
you have to do it again is your
second that the liamos is worth worth
Ok, come on, okay, okay, okay, do not go out, it's
perfect
but again just as it is good it is
well turn back 2 hidden vouchers
perfect when we get the time
second 10 seconds it is well I
been out and the truth that I arrived
afternoon for the teaser theme in black
ops and such but but but but but
number game I lost I do not want to do
analysis or anything because my channel is not
very dedicated to the heat of using although
I love it but I do not want to do analysis
de jose are the professionals worth so
that for all the people who ask me
well, that we have also started the
second season give me your challenge that I have
to do the first challenge today so to
see if it makes me possible tomorrow and also
I have to have flow pending
those that since what I have the let's say
that what is necessary already so that everything
work fine and correct but but you
I want to overtake nothing but I want
to be lost the race but it is that
clear witten over there now my sa
so much does not sound so tantísimo
role to do what I want
I said a little bit until I stopped to take a
coffee paint a picture read six magazines
and still and still I think that I do not
I would advance controls agreed to I continue
taking second but that was half
played
I think I'll wait for them to come and it's
I do not know if it was gta I would wait but
with reason would be expected with a grenade
or something like that I want to wait because
I want a little salt to be made
a little salt in a row have been
mens
go go ostia go host because there is
is the partner leave it there
leave it there we see ourselves as a bully
fellow that I wait for you and enters with the
uncle head I can not be is to see if
I really want I want to see who does
the looping is better
miserable man
I will avoid it
Okay, it 's back, let's go forward
go Go
we have back we go up
perfect guys okay he has not passed
and I'll explain why he has a
center and those of environments you know what
They do not go well for loopings and as not
goes well for a pips look
and finish and nothing because of what I see is
charming the 2.0 I will try to do all
the races in 2.0 I do not say that I can
said that I will try ok let's go let's go
we have the goal and we have 90 and
what are you telling me manuel that
are you counting manuel win back
where are you going with anything worth it if I go
March where the mini slut is behind
here we go thank you very much subscriber what
Locked the looping but well I'm fine
I'm fine I'm fine we look like turtles
Balearic here for him there remains a
back so how much time did we get 42
seconds to the second we enter the goal
man who is lady case is in
middle of the race they push me and nothing
guys, I hope you liked it
see you at mcdonald's subscribers
remember that I made holes in the screen
a couple of days ago or a day ago like that
that they seal again within very
a little bit of another 100 other 150 others
another 200 as it says the last time
so graphics I hope you have
liked leaving a cheerful is 10 and we
we see in the next video and goodbye successes
as well as in order if it has been like this
God